Search Attributes (#4)
temporalio/edu-interacting-with-workflows-typescript: search-attributes/custom-search-attributes.md

# Custom Search Attributes

> There are scenarios when you may want to create a custom Search Attribute to be able to filter against that may support your specific business needs (e.g. `customerId`). Temporal supports the creation of Custom Search Attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are scenarios where you may want to filter Workflows based on business-specific criterias (e.g., `customerId`). For those cases, Temporal supports the creation of Custom Search Attributes.
```

> Using custom Search Attributes in a List Filter, such as in the Temporal Web UI or with the `temporal workflow list` commands, has the following restrictions:

Reviewer: This sentence is incomplete. What restrictions?

> For details on what is and what is not supported in different versions of Temporal in terms of custom Search Attributes, please refer to our [documentation](https://docs.temporal.io/visibility#custom-search-attributes).

Reviewer: You should combine this paragraph with the one at the end of this chapter.

# Custom Search Attributes

> 

Author: added

You can create custom Search Attributes with unique key names that are relevant to your business needs (e.g. `customerId`).

> Use custom Search Attributes in a List Filter, such as in the Temporal Web UI or with the `temporal workflow list` commands, under the following conditions:

Author: changed

- Without advanced Visibility, you cannot use a custom Search Attribute in your List Filter.
- With advanced Visibility, you can create multiple custom Search Attributes and use them in combinations with List Filters to get a list of specific Workflow Executions.
  - For example: `temporal workflow list -q "WorkflowType = 'yourWorkflowDefinition' and YourCustomSA = 'YourCustomSAValue' and (StartTime > '2022-06-07T16:46:34.236-08:00' or CloseTime < '2022-06-08T16:46:34-08:00')"`
  - With Temporal Server v1.19 and earlier, you must integrate Elasticsearch to use custom Search Attributes with List Filters.

>   - With Temporal Server v1.20 and later, custom Search Attribute capabilities are available on MySQL (v8.0.17 or later), PostgreSQL (v12 and later), and SQLite (v3.31.0 and later), in addition to Elasticsearch.

Reviewer 2: We should probably mention explicitly if they aren't supported by the CLI temporal server

Author: thanks! done!
